h1. Welcome to Nebula

Nebula is an issue tracking system for the Council of Stellar Management, the player-elected stakeholder in EVE Online.

Issues here refer to problems, feature requests or other topics to be put forward to the CSM for consideration, who can then decide to take the proposal to CCP at a meeting.

h2. Development

Nebula is openly developed and planned. The requirements for developing Nebula are:

 * Ruby 1.9.1 (recommended; should work with 1.8.7)
 * Rails 2.3.8
 * Linux/OSX development environments

We will be using test driven development and continuous integration to ensure that we write a tool that performs to the spec we come up with through discussing with the CSM.

Continuous integration will help ensure that no errors creep in before deploying the system to production.

h2. Getting Involved

It is highly recommended to join irc.coldfront.net #eve-dev and catch the devs in there to discuss getting involved before you just dive in. However, all are welcome to do so as long as they are vaugely technically competent :-)

h2. Testing Nebula

Nebula uses test driven development. To run the tests and see what passes and what fails, run

  rake spec
  
This will run all the specs in the spec folder, and produce output in rspec.html in the root directory of the project.

h2. Getting Started with Nebula

To develop for Nebula you need to install some gems. You'll have to install bundler first:

  sudo gem install bundler
  
Then you can just let it do the work for you:

  sudo bundle install
  
You'll need to create a file, config/initializers/encryption.rb, which has the following line:

  API_KEY_ENCRYPTION_KEY = 'LOADS OF GIBBERISH (rake secret can generate some)'
  
This key is used to encrypt all stored API keys. Store the file securely! Do not lose it or you will lose all keys in the DB!
  
This should install all the gems you need in your system gems.

Production environments can be set up using:

  sudo bundle install --without development test